# ARGV [Fitness]
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://youtu.be/8ar-KQ7aNfE>
#### Description:
The title of this project is ARGV [Fitness]. This project is a program written in C that takes in 3 command line arguments from the user and in return, prints out, for the user, a workout that he or she can do, based on the information that they typed into the command line. The three pieces of information that the program solicits are the desired type of workout, the desired body area of the workout, and the desired length/duration of the workout. If the user fails to put in the appropriate number of command line arguments, the program will prompt the user to run the program properly, give them the necessary knowledge to accomplish that task, list their possible options for the three pieces of input, and then return 1 to terminate the program so that the user may try again.

I chose to write this program in C because it is an older, more basic, and more traditional computer programming language. It is still very much relevant today in the world of computer science as a tool to learn computer science concepts, tools, terminology, and techniques. This is especially true because C does not allow the user to abstract away very much. As an example of that, C forces the user to indicate their variable data types, so that the program can be executed much faster (as it is compiled and NOT interpreted). Given that one of my main goals in taking CS50 was to gain more lower-level computer programming knowledge, using C was a must for me.

During the construction of this project, I spent most of my time dealing with a couple of major tasks. These tasks were researching and compiling appropriate lists of exercises that satisfied the different requirements for different areas of the body, calculating sets and repetitions for different workout durations, and figuring out the best way to make my program as concise as possible.

To make my program more concise and less repetitive, I chose to not make a different template of instructions for each conditional possibility. After all, for this program there were 36! Instead, I chose to declare a series of variables at the top of the program, and to alter the value of the variables based on the values of the strings that were created from the users command line arguments. Then, in order to determine which template was to be filled in with values and shown to the user, I declared a series of boolean variables that were manipulated to be true or false depending on which workout combination was arrived at by the user.

All in all, this final project was 739 lines of code in C, and it sure was a learning experience. During the construction and completion of this final project, I was able to practice maintaining proper code styling, accounting for different kinds of potential user error, as well as keeping my code file as organized as I could as it grew longer and longer.
